closes #122 add Tfrmt demographic and ae table examples (#133)
pharmaverse/examples: tlg/adverse_events.qmd

result
```

## {tfrmt} & {cards}

> In the example below, we will use the [{tfrmt}](https://github.com/GSK-Biostatistics/tfrmt) and [{cards}](https://insightsengineering.github.io/cards/) packages to create a demographics tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, we will use the [{tfrmt}](https://github.com/GSK-Biostatistics/tfrmt) and [{cards}](https://insightsengineering.github.io/cards/) packages to create a adverse events tables.
```

- The {cards} package creates Analysis Results Datasets (ARDs, which are a part of the [CDISC Analysis Results Standard](https://www.cdisc.org/standards/foundational/analysis-results-standard)).
- The {tfrmt} utilizes ARDs to create tables.

In the example below, we first build an ARD with the needed summary statistics using {cards}.

> Then, we use the ARD to build the demographics table with {tfrmt}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, we use the ARD to build the adverse events table with {tfrmt}.
```
